Events (going down the street)

<time of day: ie. it is daytime out, there is a full moon.>
<event message: ie. There is a zombie here >
<Major Location: ie Chinatown>
<minor location: Upstairs>
<menu: Do you want to: run, fight...>

EVENT MESSAGES
--------------
You are on a street.
Do you want to:
Would you like to:
	B)reak into a nearby building?
	Go F)orwards?
	Turn L)eft?
	Turn R)ight?
	U)se an Item?

There is a zombie here!
There are N zombies here!!!
Do you want to:
	R)un?
	F)ight?
	Try to P)retend to be a zombie?

You are in a building.  Would you like to:
	- Search area?
	- Leave?
	- Go upstairs?
	- Check out the basement?
- A helicopter flies overhead.  You wonder where
	it is going.
- Days go by and you dont see anyone.
- You see a helicopter on top of the TV7 News Building.	
- There is a gorgeous mansion up the hill to the right.

Events (in a building)(search, upstairs)
-------
- You find a zombie.  It: 
	- ignores you. 20%
	- Attacks you. 60%
	- Doesn't see you. 20%
- You find N other people.  They:
- You find a person. They:
	- Attack you.  
	- Ask to join with you.
	- Need medical attention.
	- Run away.
	- turn out to be a zombie(s).
- You come across a gang of ruffians.  Do you:
	- Try to reason with them.
	- Run away before they see you.
	- Attack them before they attack you.
- You find a dead man leaning against the wall.
	He is still gripping a (shotgun|Radio) in 
	his hands.  There are 2 zombies feasting on
	his extremities.

Attributes
-----------
- Events - You find a zombie, You find N other People, 
	You find a Military Outpost, It is raining.
	You see a sporting goods store (%50 looted, %50 not looted)....

- Player Stats - Money, Skills, Health
- Places - Special, normal
- Map Based / Driven
- Settings - City, Country, Space, Ocean
- Skills - Weapon, Acting, Radio, Medical, Maps
- Inventory - Radio, 
	Bottle of Good Whiskey,
	Bottle of Whiskey,
	Cans of Beer, 
	Cigarettes, 
	cell-phone (90% don't work, 10% work)
	flare gun,
	Can of Spray Paint,
	Canned Food,
	Axe,
	Shotgun,
	Pistol,
	Ted Nugent Compound Bow,
	Crowbar,

Elements
---------
- zombies
- Gangs of ruffians
- scientologists
- Marshall Law / Vigilanteism
- Space Station
- Steve Jackson - Sorcery
- City Streets

Base
----
- Melee w/ Zombie
- Map Exploration
- Find Stuff
- Goals - Find Safety, 
	- Uncontaminated Food, 
	- Scientists, 
	- Find other people,
	- cure zombie disease & put things back to normal	 

-----------------------------------------------------------
MAP
---
It has to be implemented to be randomly generated.  There
is just no other way.  If you generate a static, then , well
there are other kinds of static, for instance, having static
points, and then melee points where an N number of zombies are
randomly generated.  

Types of Places: (CITY)

- Hospital
- Department store
- Church
- Library
- University
- Museums
- Gas Station
- Super Market
- Police Headquarters
- Sporting Goods store
- Building.

how to store a map?  An array.  A map should have height & width
parameters and an array that stores ints.  Map orientation is from
top left.  

digression:
I think that immediate goal is to get the base game working.  after
that it will be easier to develop new stuff, and expand it.  So I  
had 4 types of major places, City, Country, Space, Ocean.  there are
also inside buildings.  

BUILDING
---------
-main floor, 
-upstairs, 
-basement.  
-roof

1st things to implement:
-character stats: health, 
-melee w/ zombies
-inventory
-map movement
-character stat: skills 

------------
day 2:

I spent a whole sunday on this, clear headed, and I feel that 
now I have a working game.  I have the zombie melee, written and
just a few splash scenes.  There is more that must be done obviously.
I'm probably not even 40% of the way there.  no certainly I'm not.
but to see a melee battle with 37 zombies is pretty fucking cool for
me.  so with that working, I have to 

-write the inside of buildings.
-specialize for special buildings.
-inside of buildings you can search for special items.
-implement a map,  (or not).
-implement ruffians.
-implement item list. so that you can find stuff -
-implement the possibility of finding special items on dead people.
-implement finding other alive people
-implement skills

-fix up the UI in general.  It is very vague.  
-implement breaking a window if the door is locked.

----
I'm pretty happy considering that I only spent a couple of hours
yesterday and a whole day today.  and I have something that works.
its missing a whole bunch of shit, but still, it works.  Now that
I've ripped off Taipan hugely, I need to invent a few extra tricks
of me own.  I was thinking about animating the zombies to march 
towards the bottom of the screen.  That actually would be good for
the effect.  This is really one of the key effects of the zombie
movie genre, the fact that they come for you and keep on coming for
you.  

its a start anyway.  a few more spare days and I might have something.

- as the equipment changes and the number in your party changes,
so must the combat change
- get rid of money. in a post apocalyptic world, who needs it.
but add sums of currency to loot you can find.  just cuz a living
man would be likely to keep money, just out of habit.

---------------------------------
ok, one real big idea.  since using ascii art seems tangible, if 
a tad stupid, but still tangible.  writing some libraries to aid in 
the process would be greatly appreciable.  Namely, organize it as
such that various named ascii screens were stored in a folder, 
such as, "graveyard", that sort of thing.  Then write some functions
for handling them.  write a func, which opens 'graveyard', prints
it to screen in the desired place and replaces any '\' with '\\'
in order to use mvprintw which takes formatting arguments. If there
is a way to avoid formatted printing, then perhaps that might be
slicker.  mostly my reasoning is just that storing those images 
statically inside the C code is a terrible stupid waste of time, 
and very ugly too.  storing the images as files containing precisely
24 rows of ascii seems a much better idea.  its nice to know that my
programming ability as of righth now is comparable to John Carmack.
even if its the john carmack who wrote Apple II games before he 
eventually got his first couple good jobs.  I guess the way to meet
likeminded programmers might be to just get employment.  so that,
really is what I ought to be doing with a portion of my free time.
continuously combing various online places for jobs.  and putting
together a decent resume, presuming I can...

- The title screen needs subtext.  ie, "Plague of the undead", 
"its 2012, do you know where your weener is?"  "A game of zombie
hunting in the modern age"  

well, I cant think of a proper one right now obviously, but just 
keep it in mind.

- Add damage report to melee, "Condition: Critical (18%)"
- Add success report to melee, ie, "You got 3 of them"
- fix the syntax glitches in melee, such as removing surprise
	after first encounter.  and removing the line "you regain
	your senses" or whatever it says, if it is not needed.
- The people could give you a variety of things.  or the people
	could need a medic.  sometimes (33% ?) you can choose to
	"3 people want to join with you? (y/n)"
- You could have a "Number in your party", which would constitute
	how many attacks you could actually have, per turn.
- implement partial damage on monsters.
- Weapons would then add to your ability to do damage.
- write high-scores to file, and routine to save and display them
- on successful surprise, you should only get one shot on one zombie,
	for say, double damage.  not all of them.
- fix ruffians.  Make them rarer.  make them just like people except
that there is a possibility that they might attack you.  
- currency is worthless, but perhaps art treasures, gem stones, and
precious metals, and other historical artifacts might be nice.  and
gasoline.  but in order to save and collect them you need a safe place
to put them.  A saferoom in a safehouse.  bank vault or something?
- Implement item list.  Two types of items. Items you use, and weapons.
any armor is automatically added.  no muss.  Medkit, key.  crowbar to
increase chance of forcing door.
- if you run, you cant sneek up on them.  Surprise is blown for both.
- if you surprise, then it you get 1st attack, it shouldn't say, you
	"you regain your bearings"	
- attacks of groups of zombies should be random.
- the more zombies there are, the harder to run from them it should be.

** I should strongly consider writing this in Javascript. **

- implement a goodbye message for quitting early.  and write score
- two kinds of medkits.  One kind you take right away.  another you
	can save, hold onto, and choose to use whenever.  you only
	find the hold onto kind in certain places.
- ** The picture should be kept on the screen, and the 'walking...'
message should be displayed over the top blinking while the street
moves below.  same for running.  groups of people, hooligans, objects,
phone booths, can be animated right onto the street scene, relatively
easily.

	I really like doing this.  of course programming sort of 
kicks my ass, but oh well.  So, if I do like doing this, there are a
number of things to consider for down the road thinking.  
- Portability.  If I wrote shit for windows then the market grows
by 100's of millions of people.
- Better Graphics.  ??? Dont know.  I can do ascii, but that's because
	it sucks and its easy.  I haven't the faintest idea where to
	start with actual pixels and coloring and all of that, not to
	mention that I strongly doubt the whole process because of 
	time constraints.  without dealing with the art, I may be able
	to pull it off, actually write a game.  with art, I'm fucked.
	I'm not an artist, and once you've signed on for Art, then 
	you need art.  Lots of it.   and it has to be good, or at 
	least passable.
- there might be a way, at least for terminal games, to consolidate
both windows type games and linux type games with just portable C code.
SDL programming could accomplish that.  

things you might see.
-----------
- A green cloud
- a VW Bus covered in 3 inch Cockroaches 
- two skeletons sitting at the wheel of a volvo
- tipped over mailboxes.
- a garbage strewn street.
- a traffic accident.
- a headless zombie walking in circles
- a jack-knifed semi
- a building on fire

- I implemented time of day.  should I implement sleep?  yeah,
probably.

-** There is a bug in the melee attack.  Something todo with num_players.
I dont know.  I saw two zombie figures.  one laying down, one standing up,
then it froze and obviously went into an infinite loop.  

I believe I fixed the above bug btw.

Ok, I'm beginning to see a direction here.  There are two ways out of 
the city.  1, take a boat at the pier. to discover the who is sending
the SOS, or 2, go into the Subway Station and use the turnstile ticket,
and take the train.  oh thats right, for the above you need the boat
keys.  

also, I'm too tired now, but implement some usages for the items.  first,
make it so that you can use food items, and replenish points.  Just
two options, Use and Drop on the I)nventory screen.  if the item is
food, you use it and remark about it.  "Boy that Beer sure hit the
spot."  or "That joint got you good and stoned".  The subway could
take you to the military base where you could take the space shuttle
to the ISS.  but that's crazy.  or it could take you to the country.
also, you could get to the roof of the channel 7 building and take 
the chopper.  also, all three, could lead you to the other side of th
lake where you find out who is sending the SOS........

for instance, righth now I have 30 health and a can of peaches.  I 
could eata the peaches real quick, give me 5 points.  That'd be nice.
The Glenmorangie is worth 20.

---
now that I have all these great items, the question is, HOW TO MAKE 
them do stuff.  for instance, two more guys just joined my party.  
It would be really cool if the two guys drank all my beer.  How 
fucking cool would that be!!!!?  Just a whole ton of random things
could happen to you.  But I also must give the player opportunity to
have initiate and make the right decisions that are going to help
him.  I just got the boat keys.  I wish I had implemented the pier.
perhaps a realtime boat on a river like spyhunter.... 

well, imaginear .. I think that I must still search out the proper
balance that bestsuits my abilities.  I mean, if I were writing 
with words as a medium, then I could simply just write, "2 guys
wnat to join your party.  Later that evening the 2  guys drink all
your beer."  but that's not as fun.  Its funner if you use this
interactive C programming medium and make something... unexpected.
you're not sure what to expect.  You're reading it, its drawing you
in.  but instead of me just hand-holding and writing what comes 
next.  I have a giant array of strings.  every once in a while a 
string is picked at random and spouted off.  I think that now is 
the time to play some nethack.  Nethack has a _MESSAGES_ portion of
the screen as well as a _STATS_ portion of the screen.  these are
two things that I, as well, must have, that coupled with perserverance,
and perhaps I'll get somewhere.  

I'd also like to tackle a few more games in a few more genres before
I'm done.  not to mention those other programming chores that I've
forever brainstormed and forever done nothing with.  like the dbook
command/executable that stores calender info somewhere to be retrieved
by MOTD.  I have to write that.  too.  so perhaps its the javascript
eventhough it is all new and hip that should be on the backburner.
read, write,... breathhhh the code.

-----------
funny how I see things in a different light one day later.

TODO:
- I'm only using 1/2 the screen.  Use the whole thing, smartly.
for instance, you could put a map on the right.  and just make
h) get an entirely different screen with the various commands 
on it.  
-When you meet a group of people Get rid of the lines
that tell you about zero people. if its zero, dont print it.
-Make your gear do stuff.  you saw some examples above.  There is
so much.  
- cellphones: You need to check your cell-phones to see if they work.
if not pitch em.  once you've checked your cell phone, re-label it
"working", "no signal".  Once you have a working cell phone,
make the player actually put the number in themselves.  
- Just so the player has somewhere to put numbers give them
some sort of notes screen.  A todo list that was in their back
pocket.  Make it already partially filled out from real life.
with like, "Get new muffler", "go Grocery shopping", that sort of
stuff.  humorous as always.  if a player finds a new number, it 
will automatically be written to todo list.
- make the comestibles give you some health.  
- implement an experience check.  after 10 zombies, you're experienced.
you gain some abilities, and perhaps a 1d8 of hit points...  

basically, this is like a cycle of mind over computer.  so many 
things are so difficult todo until you come of the gumption mind,
sort of like I am now, but Im tired and I know that I need to be
German and not this.  but its wierd.  what I'm trying to point out
is that it seems like you are only able to have so many good ideas
in a day, then the well sort of runs dry.  now I"m playing it, and
having a whole new sheeth of ideas, and I'm realizing that its 
nowhere near to where it ought to be.  and I also see quite a bit
of potential in it, and am going to give it some more energy when
appropriate.  why?  because when you envision theses things, when 
you really see what they are, and who they are done and you're not
totally worn out from writing some ridiculous code already, you 
have the gumption to start writing them.  really doing it.  its
cyclic.  you do it.  you burn out, you sleep.  you get up, eat,
read slashdot, and then do it again for 8 hours.  you need that
renewall.  because that's where the gumption comes from. and when 
you have the gumption, you are not afraid. and when you are not
afraid you see further into the distance about where said thing
could be.  Its all bootstrapping of one kind or another.  before
I got to where I am, I didn't know how to get here.  I didn't 
even know that I had the abilities to get me here, but yet I am
here.  but now I want more.  the code that I have done looks 
ragged and feels tired to me. I want shit to dance around the 
screen, not be so stodgy and complacent!  So on it goes.  after I
write a comprehensive city map, and full item functionality and 
wandering around inside buildings, and perhaps some objectives, 
I'll just want more.  its sure fun.

| |__|  |__
|  __ o  __ 
| |  |  |

see, that's me wandering around inside of a building.
the other thing that's newly occurred to me is survival.  Sheer
survival.  Wouldn't you be worried about camping gear and fresh
water.?  Damn right you would.  what about finding out some answers?
damn right you would.  what about shacking up in some super nice
100 million dollar house just because you can and driveing their
ferrari's around?  damn fucking right you would.  that's why this
zombie genre is so appealing to me.  I could write it all day.  nay,
it writes itself.

*******got the idea I needed.  Melee will be done wizardry style.  probably
much simpler.  before the start of a turn if you have such and 
such item, you have the option to press U) , other wise just attack,
also ,try to run, but just like wizardry, you wont have much of a 
chance of succeeding at thhis, and then the monster gets a free
attack on you,...

*** also, after a big melee w/ zombies, you could get a chance proportional
to how many of them, to finding something.  an item... 

catch ^C and unallocate any mallocations.

-- The ruffians could beat you up and take one of your items.  That would
alleviate the need for me to code the melee.  with appropriate odds of
course.

LEVELS
- at 1st level you'll gain the ability of acting around the zombies and
ruffians and sometimes getting yourself out of sticky situations by 
pretending to be something you're not, like acting like a zombie.
- at 2nd level you'll have medical abilities and will be able to heal 
some of the sick people you see and bring them with you to increase your
numbers.
- at 3rd level you'll gain the science skill this will allow you to
turn zombies, either into dead or into living, or they'll disintigrate.
either way, they're not zombies anymore.
- I haven't figured out 4th level yet.  Flamethrower?, Ultimate Badass?
Perhaps ruling ability.  you could put together a new colony and 
re-populate the earth.

Your guy needs a name.  Mil Stonewall.  

plot pathways.  3-fold

1 - can of gas, chopper on building
2 - boat keys and pier
3 - turnstile ticket and subway.

also, the cell phone, but I haven't figured that one out yet.

*** BUG, you cant enter bigger numbers than 1 digit.  Just now
I couldn't enter 10!!!

-------------

ok, I have figured out what else that it really needs in order to
make this a bonafied game.  and another thing, if I were to use SDL
I could still start now.  I'm probably only 30-40% of the way to 
finishing anywya, but at the same time, I've established the atmostphere,
and I dont feel in jeopardy of my idea being so obvious or accesible
that someone else will bilk it and beat me to the prize.  basically,
there is NO prize at all if I dont do it in SDL.  but at least I get
a game out of the deal.  

..what the game needs..

THe game needs a Map.  I didn't know before, but now I am sure of it.
if you think of Taipan, when you play it you have the illusion that 
you are in control of some sort.  but shit, you know that there is no
difference which seaport that you're at.  same with Curses of the Undead.
so, I've got my 18-30 odd places, and I implement a gridded city map,
and randomly roll and map.  and the player can choose 4 directions to
go in.  therefor the player receives some control over their destiny,
this is especially true if you implement going inside of buildings.
that way, the square with the starbucks is always there when you go to
it.  also, implement the ability for a square to store state info about
itself, such as...

- "there are a number of zombie corpses on the ground here"

that sort of thing

_NEW TITLE_

CURSES OF THE UNDEAD

So Implement:
- array map squares
- random generated map each game
- The map is made up of tiles.  There are X tiles, and a couple rules
	like making a park with a statue in the middle, otherwise put
	all of the regular places on the map, buildings, etcc.
- give the map a way to store event results, such as dead zombie 
	corpses, and dropped items.
	also the wierd messages, like zombie poodle barking
	at you... ?  anything that has an element of place, you could
	bind to the place.
- implement map movements, N,S,E,W... etc...
- implement map boundaries.  
	-In the west there is a lake, that is where you see the S.O.S.
	-in the north there is a pier.  
	-A large freeway borders the east & south

- then implement insides of buildings.  
- weapon melee
- THe subway, tv7 build, & pier.
- also have to implment Map view.  an overhead grid rep of map places
	
----
steps for every move:
        - do boundary checks, bounce back if
        - if safe start the character moving, report "walking north..."
        - determine if there is an encounter, if there is bust in
                2 seconds into walking.

	I've already got all that stuff working as of now, its just happening
		in the wrong order.

- How bout implementing a quick warning that advises that your
terminal be at least 80x24?  its an easy func.  you just getem and 
check em.  that will aid people who have macs with the wrong terminal
size as default, so that they wont complain that the game looks
funny.

- the leveling up func is slightly broke.  I believe the code is 
close, but it doesnt level up to to 3 or 4 or 5.  the first level
has worked every time, but the others dont follow...

- *** Make sure you do a Mac installer no matter whether its curses
or SDL in the final cut

------
- I definitely ran into some sticky C crazy scoping shit tonight.
I learned that there is a difference between calling something a
int array[]    vs.  calling it a
int *array.  

I guess the difference would be making the memory available to
another piece of code.  I'm working with two, 3 or more files.  
one of the files has the array in it, imported from a .h header.
the other file is code that needs access to this array.  so I 
included it via `extern'.  I had to rework things several times 
but finally got it to work.  So I do have a generate map func
finally that aliases what it is generating.  next I need a 

- display func, 
- boundary checking, 
- more arrays that store various information, which can be acessed 
co-incidentally to the given map array, all of which aliased, 
- a way in main in which to keep track of which square your on.  
- you also need a func that finds squares 

because the first square that you are going to be on is the 
"Freeway Entrance".  how do you find it?  place equals the index
of the city_map square with "Freeway Entrance" on it.  this is hard,
because if your aren't in the city, then place is going to equal
the index of ANOTHER array.   I guess that takes place in another
func, which just asks which mode your in and acts accordingly.

so this is easy, you call a func and put all the logic inside of
it which first asks, which MODE are you in?  To start you are in 

int get_square(MODE_CITY, "Freeway Entrance");

you also need north,south,east,west functions which are similar. 
in fact, you wont ask for MODE in above because that is changed elsewhere
and is global.  

M_NONE, M_NORTH, M_SOUTH, M_WEST, M_EAST

int get_square(M_NONE, "Freeway Entrance");

-------------

I changed the levels. 1st levelup now gains you camping ability,
which if you have the proper gear, you can camp, and gain health
back.  so I believe that i just have to put a routing in the
show_inventory to check for camping gear and print a different
message.  and gain a couple points. 




/* here is what I need
- an array of seen the exact size of the map, 
initialized to all 0, Except for the Freeway Entrance.
- an algorithm in display map which determines 
	1 - what edges may be visible
	2 - what visible places have been seen
	3 - pick the right map-sub
	4 - display the exposed places

- when you move in a certain direction, 
	1 - erase the char 'o' w/ ' '
	2 - fill in new 'o' towards the direction walking

- when you see z ombies, p eople, r uffians or d ead bodies, 
	fill in their letter on the street ahead of you.

- unidentified buildings show up as ?
- Identified buildings show up as their first letter capitalized:
	B Bank
	P Pier
	F Freeway overpass
	S Subway
	etc...

- it also needs a snap_back() function that updates the map orientation,
one character width/height at a time.  This is fairly complicated to
write about but here goes, 
-you move the guy, 
	he moves in the direction and the message displays "walking north..."
- You either:
	- Have an encounter in which case the screen may be erased
or	- snap_back() occurs. the map crawls back into place around the
		character icon, then the whole thing slides towards 
		centering.  then the next turn begins

*/

I got a floating point exception while dealing with deadpeople when 
I was above level 3.  I had almost 150 kills. so I was in badass mode,
and just as I was waiting for it to cough up my mandatory sick that I 
am supposed to bring with me, it died and said "floating point exception".

YOU MUST FIND THAT BUG AND KILL IT

the thing that i need to dois to write a interface to SDL that allows
you to write DOS games.  Yes, I said it, but emulation of the past
is essential here.  BRIDGE the past.  link the 80's w/ teh 2000's.
we've lost this ability to have 8-bit, 16-bit color art games, done
in dos style.  the thing is that if I could do a 3rd person, 3d, view
of the main character, _very_ _similar_ to zelda, the link ones,
 "occarina of time", that I haven't plaed but make them Un-cartoony,
 and more "Flashback" like.  meaning believeable, and artically 
 indicative. 

 -------------------------------------------
much later.  if I go on to attempt to complete the zombie game, which I
should, in its current encarnation, what do I need.  Less choice.  I
need maps that are challenging, limiting, but doable.  I need to implement
weapons in the melee, which means re-implementing melee, in a larger
and more organized fashion.   so that there is some sort of turn based
menu, basically copy wizardry lock-stock.  what else, well you just need
more.  what about the buildings?  You need storable maps.  so that you 
can load them.  the map thing really needs to be written so that it
functions in all situations.  I have a feeling that the way that it is
in the code right now is a big huge joke.  a static array declared right
on the spot.  so what's stopping me?  its still a ton of work.  why?
well, I practically did it all wrong the first time.  according to
parabel and lesson, that's about par for the course.  a good idea , is
just that, an idea.  if you can do it, then it becomes the reality that
you know some things to be.  well, I've never done that.  but it must
begin, somehow.  if its games, you start simple, do a 2D game.  nothing
too difficult.  think of adventure.  adventure's main asset is that there
just wasnt anything else at the time.  this day and age, what do you 
have, lots of big budget 3D games , but little or no imagination.  This
is the key.  NO IMAGINATION!!!!  Which is exactly what i want to do, a 
game which tells alot of story, in the choose your own adventure vein.
I like that, and I can definitely do it.

hmmmmmmm, well, there is definitely something stopping me from working
on the zombie mk2 game, which is that I am still lacking information on
how to texture map a game.  where to get the textures, how to make them,
and how to lay them out.  Its a big chunk of information.  bigger than
I am able to fully deal with or else i would have started writing it 
already.  SDl does make things nicer.  hmmmmmmm.  So I need to learn how
to make a texture.  I can barely even envision a street scene.  THere
would be brick buildings, pavement, sidewalks with cracks, garbage cans,
news papers in the breeze and garbage.  that is why I dont do a game.
I dont know where that stuff even comes from.  its a freeking mystery to
me.  bahhhhhh

question: should I , err, is it worth it to complete the game in curses???
I could.  

Ok, I'm convinced that I just gave up on a good idea.  Its not implemented
in the right way.  well there are lots of angles, and through this, I need
to learn what the right ways are.  unfortunately by doing the wrong way
first some of the times.  so its needs some writing and some re-writing.
the map thing needs to be completely re-thoughtout from the top down.
so that I can use it for buildings.  and subway and sewer.  and boating.
also, 

well, there are further concerns.  what if I get a decent game together?
it'll be frozen into a mac and Linux universe on console.  You could
write an installer which puts a link on the destop which spawns a console.
VERY GOOD IDEA, but that's only if I get the game working

you cant put a statue in a park without giving it some meaning.  Dumbass.
it is very rare, but if you do the exact right thing around the statue
something will happen.  basically games like this happen on a work/
reward basis.  its almost become a textbook concept with WoW.   but you
have to have to give things, little bits of creativity, but keep them
tied up in a riddle, which the player must unravel.  if you can do that,
then you have a winner.

BUG!!!  On the inventory page there is a huge bug.  You can push keys
of things that you dont even have and it will report them.

--
here is me reading this many months later.  its mid-January07 now.  I'm
noticing lots of little fixes while playing zombie:

 - the player should have an occasional super shot in battle where he 
hits for a ton of points and just wipes out his foe.  For battle to be
fun you have to win big sometimes.  and alot if you can figure out how.
 - when you run across a group of people and find something, that pause
needs to be longer.  
- inventory needs a "back" key or an "exit" key.
- Take my real phone number out of the todo list.
- you should do a quick stab animation in frames of ascii.  like even 3
frames, one holding the sword, big muscle, ripped dirty dress shirt.
one plunging into a creatures chest, 3rd is the creature exploding and 
the 4th is the exploded stuff spattering outwards going everywhere.
- The channel 7 tv building and the subway and the boat should have
separate scenes that you can enter in to., maybe the park too, something
good at the park like "the bum in the park gives you this ability, or
gives you this item.  and you can go to the bum 3 times, but after the 3
times if you go again, the bum gets mad and spouts off at you.  

"Listen man, I dont know if you noticed, but I got some shit going on 
here myself.
I'm trying to keep these mofo's from over-running the park.  I need me 
some sanctuary, you know what I'm sayin.  Come back and check me later." 

A random chance and he will say:
"unless.. you wouldn't mind killing these devils over here would yah?  
I would do it but they're big. ?"
[Y/N]> _
if so, it'll roll 4 or 5 zombies and if you kill them he'll give you 
a fourth item, something extra.



